From New York Times, I'm Michael
Barbaro. This is The Daily.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Throughout his second term, President
Trump has been blocked over and over by
federal courts. [music]
Except that is for a little-known court
system that oversees immigration.
[music]
Today,
my colleague, Nicholas Nehamas, [music]
brings us the inside story of how the
president has systematically pressured
the judges in that system to carry out
his agenda
>> [music]
>> and speaks with one of those judges
about the fallout.
It's Tuesday, [music] June 23rd.
Nick, welcome to the show.
>> Thanks for having me.
>> Nick, talk for a moment about why in
this moment you decided to spend so much
time reporting on the judges of the
United States immigration court system.
>> Well, I think that when most Americans
think about President Trump's
immigration crackdown,
they picture the shock and awe campaign
that dominated the headlines for months.
The images of federal agents being sent
into US cities to do mass raids and
arrest as many immigrants as possible.
>> Right. Generated a huge amount of
outrage, consumed the country for weeks.
>> Exactly. But what we found is that while
that was sucking up most of the
attention, the administration was also
engaged in a quieter, much more
meticulous overhaul of a hugely
consequential part of the immigration
system. And that's the immigration court
system.
>> Mhm.
>> That's basically the process that
decides an immigrant's fate and can
order them removed from the country.
>> Or decide to keep them in the country.
>> Yes, right. And our reporting shows that
the Trump administration's strategy for
overhauling the immigration court system
has been extremely effective, and it's
essentially turned the courts and
immigration judges in particular into
their number one tool for achieving mass
deportations.
>> Mhm. Well, just describe the immigration
court system and how it works and how
that maybe explains why the
administration has been able to so
fundamentally change it and turn it into
an instrument of mass deportation.
>> Yeah, so first off, it's really
important to understand that immigration
courts work completely differently than
how we think about, say, criminal
courts.
>> [music]
>> If you cross the border illegally and
you're detained, whether that's inside
the country or at the border, you get a
court date. And on that date, you have
to show up to immigration court and
[music] make the case for why you should
be allowed to stay in the country, why
you qualify for some sort of legal
protection like asylum.
>> Mhm.
>> And you're [music] not guaranteed a
lawyer. So, if you can't afford one,
you're there on your own arguing your
own case.
>> Mhm.
>> And [music] who you're arguing against
is the federal government, which acts as
the prosecutor trying to [music] deport
you. And there's no jury. So, the person
overseeing the whole process, weighing
all the evidence, and making the final
decision about whether someone should be
deported or not is the immigration
judge.
>> Mhm.
>> And what's so unique about this system
is that the courts and the judges are
not part of the judicial branch. They
are part of the executive branch. So,
although they wear robes, they're called
judges, ultimately, they are employees
of the executive branch and they report
up to the Attorney General and by
extension up to the president.
>> Which is fascinating because when we
think of federal
judges, we tend to think of Supreme
Court judges, Appeals Court judges. They
are by design
isolated from political pressures
because they have lifetime appointments
within the judicial branch and become
essentially unfirable. They get
appointed by the executive branch, but
then they live outside of it in the
judicial branch. But you're saying
that's not the case with these
immigration judges.
>> Totally, yeah. Immigration judges are
appointed by the Attorney General and
they can be fired by the Attorney
General. And that's just a function of
how this system was initially created in
the '80s and what it also means is that
immigration judges have a lot less
freedom to make their decisions based
just on the law.
>> Because?
>> Because they ultimately have to follow
the policy that's being put forward by
the administration. So, they have to
obey immigration laws, yes, but the way
they interpret those laws has to follow
the administration's policies.
>> Right. You're saying there's a real
tension there.
>> Totally. And so, that can mean,
depending on who's in power, they can
interpret the immigration laws more
strictly or more generously, more
loosely. And previous presidents have
exerted a lot of influence over this
system,
but still, no administration has done
what President Trump is doing in
imposing his will on the immigration
courts. It's really been unprecedented.
>> Hm. Well, talk about that. What What did
you find in your reporting about how
exactly Trump 2.0 has overhauled this
federal immigration court system?
>> So, we talked to dozens of judges,
immigration attorneys, administration
officials, asylum seekers, reviewed data
on millions of cases, and we found that
the administration
put really systematic pressure on judges
to deport more people and do it faster.
They have really tried to turn this
court into a deportation assembly line,
and judges right now are granting asylum
in fewer than 10% of cases, which is the
lowest it's it's ever been for the 20
years we could examine data for.
>> And just how much has this changed the
lives and the work of the judges who are
in the middle of this system?
>> So, this has completely upended the way
judges operate in their courtrooms. Now,
unfortunately, the judges can't talk to
us on the record because they're
employees of the Justice Department, but
we did find one judge who, because of
her unique situation, was able to speak
with us on the record and put her
experiences out there.
>> Hi, Holly.
>> Hi.
>> Nice to see you again.
>> Hi, good to see you, too.
>> She is Judge Holly DeAndre, and she
hears cases at an immigration court in
Texas.
She is also the president of the
National Association of Immigration
Judges, which is a labor union that
represents these judges, and she was
able to speak to us in that capacity.
>> Hm. You found a workaround.
>> We did.
>> You don't hear from the judges who are
ultimately the experts in immigration
law and what's going on in the
immigration system very often unless the
judge is fired or happen to be the
president of the National Association of
Immigration Judges.
And I'm speaking today in that capacity
in that capacity only. Nothing that I
say
>> So tell me about this judge and the
story that she tells you.
>> So she has a really interesting
perspective on all this which started
long before she became an immigration
judge.
>> Before becoming an immigration judge, I
was a federal prosecutor. And the reason
I'd become a federal prosecutor was
pretty much because I'd grown up in
Oklahoma City and I was very moved by
the Oklahoma City bombing and then 9/11
and I really wanted to keep my country
safe from all those who might hurt it.
And if the immigration system doesn't
work well, it opens a hole in the system
to allow for national security issues.
>> She becomes a federal prosecutor on the
Southwest border and really sees the
ugly side of immigration.
>> investigated smuggling organizations.
I prosecuted people for being here
illegally.
>> And she is working on the border during
the Obama years when thousands of
unaccompanied children were showing up
and turning themselves over to border
patrol.
>> And I remember walking into the border
patrol station one day and seeing border
patrol sitting there with baby bottles
and watching Disney movies with the
kids.
>> And she's seeing people both exploit the
system and be exploited by it. So
basically she decides that prosecuting
cases isn't enough.
>> And I ultimately became an immigration
judge because what other job really
carries the weight of the world for the
favor of the United States?
>> That she wants to be the one who makes
the final decision about who gets to
stay and who has to leave the United
States.
>> You literally listen to the stories of
people from all over the world to
determine who will be our neighbors and
who is going to be your co-worker and
who is not going to be able to come to
the United States and who is here to
harm the United States. You know, it's
both there as a national security issue
and also something that defines who we
are as Americans and I think that's a
beautiful thing to be involved in and
being able to do so.
>> And she gets that chance in Trump's
first term when his Justice Department
sees the work she's done prosecuting
cases on the border and appoints her to
be an immigration judge.
>> And what does she find once she is now
inside the system?
>> So, she finds a system that's facing
just an extraordinary backlog of cases.
At that time, there was a huge number of
migrants crossing the border and
claiming asylum. So, many that it really
made it difficult for judges to keep up.
>> So, like for asylum, you have to show
that somebody's been persecuted.
>> And on top of that, these cases are not
cut and dry. To qualify for asylum under
US immigration law, you have to meet a
very specific set of criteria.
>> Maybe like proof of genocide going on in
another country or proof of a country
being war-torn and then like
>> And while some of the people coming
before these judges meet that criteria,
most do not. Many people are coming for
economic opportunity, but they're
claiming asylum because that's pretty
much their best shot at getting to stay
in the US.
>> Right.
>> So, the process of hearing all those
claims takes a really long time.
>> Some judges in the United States have
dockets
an upwards of 12,000 cases per judge.
So, that's an astronomical amount of
cases. If you've got 12,000 cases set,
then you're going to be setting cases
out 5, 10 years from now. If
>> So, this is the context in which she's
becoming an immigration court judge. The
system is overwhelmed, it's backlogged,
and of course President Trump, whose
administration appoints her, is
promising it's going to clean this
system up.
>> Yeah, and the administration did take a
series of drastic steps to stop illegal
immigration. You had family separation,
travel bans.
>> Right.
>> Well, obviously there was very strong
enforcement. Donald Trump is very well
known for strong enforcement.
>> it came to the immigration courts, they
actually really didn't change all that
much about how they were operating.
>> detained, there was a focus, I think, on
criminal immigrants coming into the
country.
>> There were some shifts, but they were
kind of standard for a Republican
administration, you know, being more
critical about who should get asylum.
And for Judge DeAndrea, that made a lot
of sense to her. She described herself
to me as having a conservative judicial
philosophy.
>> Prior to Donald Trump, the entire
immigration system was a lower priority,
and when he came into office, it
actually became one of the top
priorities for the nation. And that may
have been necessary at the time.
>> And so, how did that change when Joe
Biden took office?
>> Well, when Biden took office, obviously
there was a polar opposite policy base
that came in
from the stronger enforcement to a more
lenient enforcement of the immigration
laws.
Um
>> But then Trump leaves office, Biden
comes in,
and things totally change.
>> [music]
>> Like this is a whipsaw by politics in
the immigration courts every 4 years
based on the politics of whichever
>> [music]
>> executive is in office at the time.
>> The emphasis was much more on
interpreting the law to grant asylum to
people who were asking for it.
>> Broadly, the message was to be more
lenient, but you're still bound by the
law, but I can say that under the prior
administration, there was more pressure
on the judges to be more lenient and to
grant more as opposed to deny the cases
as [music] often.
>> Right. So, I mean, it sounds like there
was a a pressure from above to grant
asylum.
>> Yeah.
There was a pressure from above to grant
asylum. It was like you're kind of soft
pressured to grant more cases.
>> What did that soft pressure look like?
Like, what's an example of of soft
pressure? How did you feel it?
>> How did I feel it? I mean, you just feel
it.
>> [music]
>> And so, you know, that soft pressure
that Judge Di'Andre describes, it it
does actually seem to bear out in the
numbers [music]
because we ran a data analysis of all
asylum claims during this time. And what
we found is that asylum was being
granted at a much higher rate during
Biden than it had been during Trump 1.
[music]
>> Mhm.
>> Under Trump 1, maybe one in three people
were getting asylum.
Under Biden, that crept up to more like
one in two. [music]
>> Wow. So, under President Biden,
something like 50% of immigrants seeking
asylum before these judges [music] are
being granted that asylum, which is a
pretty substantial number.
>> Yeah,
>> [music]
>> it is.
>> So, Nick, when President Trump wins back
the presidency,
I have to imagine for this judge, it's
whipsaw time all over again,
but now it's headed back in the other
direction, away from
leniency.
>> Exactly. She expected the typical
back and forth.
>> I think that everybody just assumed we
would probably go back to Trump 1, and a
lot of judges actually
>> Now we're going from a Democrat back to
a Republican. The policies are going to
change. It's going to be how it was
during Trump 1.
>> And so, we knew where the policies were
going, and we just adjusted like we
would normally do. And honestly, we were
pretty much right for the first couple
months
>> But very quickly
she found that that was not the case.
And the moment that became clear to her
was when judges all around her started
being fired.
>> So I think a lot of the judges thought
like, oh, we're a part of immigration.
We have a 3.2 million case backlog. Why
would they fire any of us? They need us
all, right? [music]
Well, we were wrong.
>> [music]
>> We'll be right back.
>> So Nick, tell us about these firings and
about how Judge DeAndrea experiences
them.
>> The firing started with the people at
the top of the courts.
>> Well, the first firings were of the
higher-ups. And I think most of the
people at that time were kind of like,
well, it's the director and the chief
judge. Like
>> [laughter]
>> like that's kind of your highest people
in the organization. It's not really
unusual for a president
>> Which wasn't totally unexpected with a
new administration coming in.
>> But I think judges started to get scared
when Tanya Neimer was fired.
>> But then a rank and file judge got
fired.
>> You know, at that point, I think we were
still trying to reason through things.
But we saw this also
>> And then more rank and file judges got
fired.
>> The first mass firing, I think everyone
was like, what just happened?
>> And more rank and file judges [music]
got fired.
>> Just like shock. You know, like
>> And that suddenly started to seem like a
five-alarm fire.
>> And then after that, it was like every
couple weeks we were getting mass
firings of judges. Six, seven, eight,
nine, 10 judges at a time. And a lot of
those judges were like walked off the
bench in the middle of the day.
So, they were locked out of the computer
systems, so they couldn't get the
>> Some of these judges told us that they
were fired while they were making
decisions from the bench and had to tell
the lawyers and the respondents that
they couldn't finish the case because
they had been told they were no longer
an immigration judge.
>> Wow.
>> Had you ever seen this kind of mass
firing before?
>> No. And I think the total number now, I
think we're at 115 total judges.
>> So, in total about 15% of judges have
been fired by this administration and
that's not even counting the ones who
quit or retired because they saw the
writing on the wall.
>> [music]
>> Well, what did you find out and what did
the judge come to understand about why
the administration was firing all these
rank and file judges because it would
seem at odds with the larger goal of the
Trump administration to get more
migrants deported in the system.
>> The administration never explained why
it was firing these judges, but the top
official in the immigration court sends
out a memo
telling judges essentially that it's
come to the administration's attention
that some of them are tolerating bias,
quote, in favor of an alien
and against the government. And judges
clearly take that as a sign that they
could be disciplined if they rule
against the government.
>> I think that the judges are fearful for
their jobs. You know, so now, instead of
you know, looking at the policy and just
looking at the law, they're weighing
things very, very carefully because
they're they're scared that if they
accidentally favor the respondent a
little bit in a case because the
respondent provided more evidence or
something that they're going to get
fired. Or um even so much as asking DHS
to file a brief on something could be
you know maybe be considered as bias.
And and maybe
>> Suddenly it felt like she and her
colleagues had targets on their back
where they would lose their jobs unless
they did what the administration wanted,
which was to deport more and more
people.
>> every single day there is kind of this
like looming you could be fired at any
time hanging over judges.
>> And our data analysis found that the
firings followed a pattern. Many of
these judges had been appointed by
Democrats.
>> Mhm.
>> Many had previously worked as
immigration attorneys representing
immigrants in immigration court.
Many had higher rates of granting asylum
than judges who kept their jobs.
>> Monica, I want to linger on that for
just a moment because your own data
suggests that judges were granting
asylum at a higher rate under Biden. So,
isn't it well within the Trump
administration's
right to
correct for that?
>> Well, yeah. And that's exactly what the
Trump administration says. They believe
these judges were essentially letting
too many immigrants stay in the country
and they accuse them of not following
immigration law as it was written.
And to be clear, the Biden
administration also fired some
immigration judges, about six or so
during his presidency.
>> So far, far fewer than Trump.
>> Far fewer. And and to Judge Deandrea,
these firings represent a new level of
pressure being put on immigration judges
that she's just never seen before. You
know, in previous administrations you
described a soft pressure that judges
felt.
Is is the pressure on Trump too soft or
is it something else?
>> Well, I mean, when you're looking at
losing your job,
that's no longer soft pressure. That's a
much stronger pressure on each of the
judges because their livelihood is at
risk based on how they decide the case
that's sitting in front of them.
>> Beyond these firings and and the
pressure that that brings to bear,
is there anything else the
administration is doing Trump 2.0
that stands out to Judge DeAndrea?
>> Administration officials are not being
subtle about what they want.
>> [music]
>> These judges already work very quickly,
but the pressure to move even faster
grows and grows and grows.
>> They've required certain judges to hear
certain amount of cases each day,
[music]
which is I mean, in theory it sounds
good, but if you have a really complex
asylum case, it's going to take a full 4
hours.
You know, and then you have another
asylum case stacked right after that
that's going to take another 4 hours.
That's your entire day and that's two
cases.
Um so, when
>> The administration
starts to set case loads that Judge
DeAndrea says are unrealistic.
>> So, when you're saying that a judge has
to hear five cases in a day, you're
asking a judge to rush through a bunch
of asylum cases without [music] fully
hearing the entire testimony or skirting
through the evidence quickly. It's very
difficult. In fact, I've talked to some
judges who are working, you know,
14-hour days and on weekends to just be
able to meet the minimal requirements to
prepare for their cases.
And it's taking a real mental toll on
them and even with their families.
>> Well, it's so if if immigration judges
are hearing cases on the bench all day,
when do you write your decisions and
that kind of stuff?
>> Um lunchtime.
>> [laughter]
>> Lunchtime or before or or you know, the
30 minutes before you go into the court.
>> And what my colleagues have found in
some of their follow-up reporting is
that the administration is actually
sometimes putting as many as 100
hearings on a judge's calendar per day.
>> Which is not practical.
>> Yeah. And the idea is basically that you
flood the zone and a judge has to move
so quickly that they're ordering
deportations, perhaps because the
immigrant hasn't been given a heads-up
on the fact that the hearing is
happening and they don't show up. Or
that they don't have a lawyer and can't
properly defend themselves. And so this
new practice
raises all sorts of question about due
process and whether the administration
is moving to circumvent it.
>> So the message, quite clearly, is don't
be caught being lenient. Don't be caught
being slow. Deport more people more
quickly, which when you're being faced
with the number of cases that
the administration is asking these
judges to handle would seem to be the
natural default. But
how are these judges supposed to
do this
with so many fewer of them on the bench
because of the firings?
>> Well, it it's become a real challenge.
And so the administration starts hiring
dozens and dozens of new judges.
>> Well, a lot of the new judges have not
had an immigration law background. In
particular.
>> And for a lot of these judges, they
don't have a ton of experience with
immigration law, which lawyers say is a
really complicated area of practice.
>> They put out an ad and actually we
thought it was a joke at first. I
actually sent an email out because
someone thought they had made a spam
page to hire judges.
Um but they didn't. It was real.
>> In hiring for these roles, the
administration actually put out an ad
specifically saying they were looking to
hire, quote, deportation judges.
>> Not subtle. I mean, literally changing
the definition of the job.
>> It's very in your face. And for Judge
DeAndre, that new definition of the job
and the lack of experience of these new
judges are a problem because it could
lead to bad rulings and worse outcomes.
>> Anybody is able to eventually learn
something. But it's kind of like taking
a pediatrician and throwing them into
general surgery. That person is going to
eventually maybe learn what they do.
They have the basic skill set to learn
what they're doing. But like, you know,
a lot of people are going to die in the
process
while they learn what they're doing.
Now, that's not to say that any of these
people that have just been hired, I
don't know if they're good judges or
not. We don't know anything about them
yet. But, you know, there are concerns
about training. They've cut the amount
of training that judges have
before they actually take the bench.
>> Wow. So, I mean, extending the, you
know, the doctor analogy you made, it
sounds like you're suggesting there
could be a real impact on the immigrants
coming before those new judges as they
get up to speed.
>> Right. I mean,
>> She sees the changes that are happening
during the second Trump administration
as really bad for everyone involved,
judges and immigrants.
>> As far as bias goes, you don't want to
anybody who's biased to deport any more
than you want somebody who's biased to
grant. And you know, it's it just kind
of puts out there what the emphasis is
on. Like, we want you to deport people.
Like, it it's sending that message.
>> So, this is how the Trump administration
in its second term, it would seem,
gets
the percentage of asylum cases granted
down to something like
10%, which you mentioned earlier from a
high of
I think something like 50%
at the beginning of the Biden
administration.
>> Yeah, and on top of that, the Trump
administration is locking up so many
people in detention centers, people who
in previous administrations would have
been free to wait their cases out on the
outside.
People are just giving up.
>> Nobody wants to be detained in a
prison-like setting. They definitely
don't want to be detained for years and
years it might take, you know, for some
people to hear their cases. There's been
due process issues with that. And so I
think that people are like this is
frustrating and so I'm just going to
leave.
>> They're deporting themselves.
>> To me anyway, this appears to be the
story and it's a familiar one for our
listeners
of President Trump and those around him
discovering in this second term that the
legal system lets them exert far more
power than anyone realized. And that
that power was always there for a
previous president, but nobody had ever
dared to exploit it. And when Trump does
use that power, in this case and in many
cases, it's extremely effective in
realizing his agenda. But unlike in a
lot of areas where Trump 2.0 has tested
the law,
this one feels very much
his prerogative to do and it looks very
much within the bounds of the law and
the existing US immigration court
system. So what is the problem becomes
the question.
>> Well, yes, you're right. And the Trump
administration will say that everything
they're doing is absolutely legally
within their power to do and they're
happy with the results. Now, a few
judges have sued over being fired, but
even if they were to win, that's not
going to derail the larger project that
Trump is pushing through the immigration
courts. And in fact, these changes have
led to a reduction in the enormous
backlog of cases. And when our story
came out, the White House actually put
out a press release touting it as
evidence of how much its policies are
working.
>> Mhm. They're proud of it.
>> Exactly. But to Judge DeAndre, who very
much thinks the system needs fixing,
this is just not the right way to do it.
>> I think that the way we do things
matters.
Right? It matters.
And
you know, you can
do something quickly,
but it's not sustainable.
And I think that in this circumstance,
like we've done something quickly, but
it isn't long-term sustainability that
the court needs to maintain that same
pattern of keeping the backlog down.
>> Because at this point
>> of immigration
>> is out of the bag, and presidents from
both parties could now treat this
immigration court system as a purely
political tool to execute whatever their
agenda is. And the fact that Trump is
mostly operating within the system is a
sign to her of what's fundamentally
wrong with the system.
>> Right. The system is working the way
it's designed, but it's design is
dysfunctional. So, this is a structural
issue with the immigration court. It's
not so much a policy issue, it's not so
much an issue with the law, it's an
issue with the actual structure of the
immigration court. And when you take the
immigration court out from underneath
the executive influence, you have
long-term stability, and you have a
better court system that's more fair for
everybody involved in it.
>> And what she and many other judges have
come around to is advocating for a
system that is more independent of the
executive branch than we've ever seen
before.
>> We're getting to a point now where it's
just getting more and more necessary to
have that full separation of power and
have the immigration court separate from
the Department of Justice. Take the
policy influence away from the courts so
the courts can just enforce the law.
That's all any of the immigration judges
want. We want to be able to enforce the
law and not be subject to just the
policies.
>> So, she's clearly concluded that the
legal interpretation of our immigration
laws should not be at the whim of
whoever happens to be at the White
House. And the answer is to insulate
judges like herself from being pressured
by putting them in the judicial
branch. But,
is that practical? Is that actually ever
going to happen? What would ever
motivate a president to give up this
power?
>> That's a great question. And there has
been legislation put forward in Congress
to accomplish this, but you're right. It
would require a president to give up a
tremendous amount of power that they
have over immigration policy.
>> Right. Just to use the example of
President Trump, the only real
counterweight to his presidency in the
second term has been
the judicial branch. These unfirable
lifetime appointed judges from both
parties who have repeatedly ruled
against him as he has tested the bounds
of his power.
>> Exactly. Yeah. He has very little
incentive to empower more obstacles to
his policy goals.
>> There's no other legal system in the
United States that operates like this,
where judges on the one hand are having
to make, you know, really life-and-death
decisions for people about who gets to
stay in the country, about who might be
a danger to others in the country while
facing down this political pressure from
above.
>> [music]
>> In this moment, it is incredibly hard to
be doing this work.
But it's also incredibly hard
>> judge Deondre, this is not why she
became an immigration judge.
>> the testimony that immigration judge
listens to sometimes involves torture.
It sometimes involves people who have
committed serious crimes or people who
really want to hurt people in the United
States.
>> She became an immigration judge to keep
the country safe and to give people who
deserve it the chance to become an
American. And right now, she doesn't see
that kind of impartial justice being
carried out.
>> It's a very, very difficult job to begin
with.
And to be doing it right now with the
extra pressure
>> [music]
>> doesn't help the situation at all. In
fact, it makes the job a lot more hard.
>> [music]
[music]
>> O'Neck,
thank you so much. We appreciate it.
>> You're welcome.
>> [music]
>> We'll be right back.
Here's what else you need to know
[music] today.
>> The question my party is asking now
is whether I am best placed
to lead us
into the next general election.
I have heard the answer of my
parliamentary party
to that [music] question.
And I accept that answer
with good grace.
>> British Prime Minister [music] Keir
Starmer announced his resignation on
Monday following a rebellion against
[music] him inside the Labour Party.
It was the latest evidence of the
country's decade-long political turmoil,
which began when it voted to leave the
European Union in 2016.
Britain has now had six different prime
ministers [music] over the past decade.
Starmer's resignation paved the way
[music] for Andy Burnham, the Labour
Party's most popular politician, to
become the [music] country's next
leader.
Today's episode [music] was produced by
Nina Feldman with help from Chris
Benderap. It was edited [music] by
Rachel Quester.
Contains research help from Susan Lee,
and music [music] by Dan Powell, Pat
McCusker, Marion Lozano, and Alicia
Itube.
Our theme music [music] is by Wonderly.
This episode was engineered by Alyssa
Moxley.
>> [music]
>> Special thanks to Diana Wynn and Steven
Rich.
>> [music]
>> That's it for The Daily. I'm Michael
[music] Barbaro.
See you tomorrow.